The late CEO, I really didn't mean to.
I have a son in my house, I can't go in like that.
So what?
Can I eat this?
Hey, I have a daughter who says the market is rich.
Let him pay.
How do I have so much money?
Uncle, are you such a father?
The accident was also my daughter.
Shut up!
Paperwork, you returned this to a volunteer.
I'll handle the physical relationship with you.
What if I don't look for you later?
How can I have a father like you?
You did well at the company.
If you think about it, sign now.
When did you pay the money, when did you sign?
First snow, shut up.
Oh, my God.
I can sign.
But first I'm going to write the end of my relationship with you.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
General Director
I hope you can be a witness.
All right.
You returned a hundred million.
I promise I won't look for you again.
Wait, if you want to sign.
Maybe I'll stay at my company for the rest of my life.
Are you sure?
I'll definitely refund the money.